                       COSMOPSO V2.9

A) General Instruction -

- This is the Sept 2014 vesrion of COSMOPSO which is essentially the same as was used in 
  Prasad & Suradeep 2012 (Phys. Rev. D 85, 123008). However, there are few changes 
  which have been made here and there to make it more tidy and clean. 

- Now the computation of the cost function (-2log L) is handled by a set of two programs
  compute_cl.f90 and compute_wmaplike_new.f90 and compute_planck.f90.
  The first one compute the Cls for the test parameters and the second and the
  third compute the lilkelihood for MWAP nine year data and Planck temperature data. 
* It does not seem be working fine for Planck, however, for WMAP nine year data
  everything is fine.

- Since CAMB uses many extra parameters, apart from the usual six fitting parameters 
  which we have set in compute_cl.f90. This makes the code more tranparent. 

- Some of the extra parameters, including the flags for using different data sets
  (TT, EE, TE etc.,) can be set in compute_wmaplike.f90. 

- Now we no longer need any camb input file which was the case for the older version  
  and everything can be set in compute_cl.f90. 

- The  compute_cl.f90 & compute_wmaplike_new.f90 have been tested and found giving exatcly
  the same value of -2log L as is expected for the default parameters. 

- The code still need a input parameter file which should have the PSO parameters and
  the file for the search range.

- Everything related to PSO is in pso.f90, however, I still pass the parameters from outside. 

- Makefile has been compleatly rewritten. Now make goes inside CAMB and WMAP directory,
  exports flags, maked .mod and creates libcamb.a and libwamp.a which is a cleaner way. 

  
B. Change Log 

1. Now allmost all the parameters and the options for the data set can be 
  specified in the parameter file.
2. Separate programs have been used for computing WMAP nine year and Planck data.
   Note that Cls are computed from l=1, 2500, however, WMAP nine 
   year likelihood function used only from l=2,1200 and the data has to be
   passed carefully (in all the earlier version there was bug and the
   output was becoming uncertain some time. 

3. One module for writing output has been added. 
                                                   
Jayanti Prasad
October 09, 2014 





